README.md, before:

# ![Erik Plachta](https://s.gravatar.com/avatar/cde2e5381aa5e6d8d0220c46edee8f88?s=30) Erik Plachta

> Updated December, 12th 2021 - _( Still under active development )_

:wave: Thanks for checking out my GitHub! 

### About Me

---

**I'm a software developer, IT engineer / director, project manager, and productivity nerd.**

I enjoy identifying patterns to build modular infrastructure and designs. Once you understand the problem, it's easy to build thoughtful, light-weight, and modular framework.

---

**I'm a professional IT Engineer and MSP Director**

- I have over 10 years of experince managing and providing IT services to small businesses and large scale businesses.
- My expertise is in customer service, software support/training, hardware support, Windows, network infrastructure, and small business operating strategy.
- I also have a lot of experience in building/managing SaaS based MSP service models with an MVP service strategy built around automation and remote services.

**Python, PowerShell, and SQL are the primary languages I use profesionally**

- Along with providing IT services, I build custom software solutions to automate what I can. Developing with Python and PowerShell is a part of my every-day job.
- In 2017, I also started working directly with a SQL Engineer to provide SQL support and services to remote clients. We primarily use Python, SQL, and PoweShel.

---

**Secondary is JavaScript, CSS, and HTML**

- For the past 2 years, I've been learning these languages to bridge the gap from backend and front.
- Currently taking classes at [UNC Charlotte](https://www.charlotte.edu) to expand my knowledge and build a solid foundation. 

---

**If you want to learn more about me and my work**, [check out this link](https://erikplachta.github.io/ErikPlachta/)

**I also publish development guides on Medium.com** 👉 [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-blog.erikplachta.com-000000?style=flat&labelColor=000000&logo=Medium&link=http://blog.erikplachta.com/)](http://blog.erikplachta.com/)

---

:handshake: **Want to get in touch?**

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@erikplachta-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/erikplachta)](https://twitter.com/erikplachta)  [![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@erikplachta-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://linkedin.com/in/erikplachta/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/erikplachta/)

❤️ **Did you get value from my work?**

[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-FF813F?style=flat&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=ffffff&link=https://www.buymeacoffee.com/erikplachta)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/erikplachta)

---

👇 **Lastly, I've pinned a few projects I'm actively working on below**

Commit message:

Archive 100% of previous content. Add React framework content. Simplify Readme

README.md, after:

# ![Erik Plachta](https://s.gravatar.com/avatar/cde2e5381aa5e6d8d0220c46edee8f88?s=30) Erik Plachta

> It was updated March, 20th 2022 - #EP | Updated to a [React SPA](https://github.com/ErikPlachta/ErikPlachta/issues/25), and updated overall content.

---

:wave: Hello, and welcome to my GitHub Page.
**If you want to learn more about me and my work**, [check out this link](https://erikplachta.github.io/ErikPlachta/)

---

:handshake: **Want to get in touch?**

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@erikplachta-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/erikplachta)](https://twitter.com/erikplachta)  [![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@erikplachta-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://linkedin.com/in/erikplachta/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/erikplachta/)

❤️ **Did you get value from my work?**

[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-FF813F?style=flat&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=ffffff&link=https://www.buymeacoffee.com/erikplachta)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/erikplachta)

---

👇 **Lastly, I've pinned a few projects I'm actively working on below**
